Klaytn safe docs (#506)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/toolkit/klaytn-safe/add-assets.md

![](../img/klaytn-safe/f5_sendDone.png)

## KIP-7 Deposits

Now we will see how to deposit KIP7 (fungible tokens) to our safe by following the below steps.

**Step 1:** Copy your Safe address from your account dashboard.

![](../img/klaytn-safe/f1_copyAddr.png)

**Step 2:** Open your Metamask Wallet and navigate to **“assets”** tab.

![](../img/klaytn-safe/ft2_assetTst.png)

**Step 3:** Select the token you will love to send and click **“send”**.

Step 4: Repeat step **3**, **4**, **5** of **KLAY** Deposits.

Step 5: View your assets dashboard, you can see the KIP7 tokens being transferred to your safe account. Similarly you can transfer any Fungible token to your safe account.

![](../img/klaytn-safe/ft3_tstDone.png)

* KIP-17 Tokens (NFTs)

Now we  will see how to deposit KIP17 (Non Fungible tokens) to our safe by following the below steps.

You can transfer your NFT’s to your safe account in many different ways. Here is an example on how to transfer NFT to the safe account using  [OpenSea](https://opensea.io/about).

* Navigate to your [OpenSea account](https://testnets.opensea.io/account) profile page

> * Navigate to an NFT you ll love to transfer. Make sure to select a NFT on the Klaytn Network(Cypress or Baobab)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Navigate to an NFT you want to transfer. Make sure to select a NFT on the Klaytn Network(Cypress or Baobab)
```
